# GuestChecker App with Firebase & Next.js

Application to save and self-register guest on target event etc.

## Configurate :tada:
**Build Firebase [Required]**
**Add .env.local**
Configure your Firestore Database then manually create collection, add document with secret password with *adminpass* key:
```adminpass: YOUR_SECRET_PASSWORD```

Below fill firebase variables:
- Configuration generated by Firebase
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_KEY_FB
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_DOMAIN_FB
NEXT_PUBLIC_PROJECT_ID_FB
NEXT_PUBLIC_STORAGE_BUCKET_FB
NEXT_PUBLIC_MESSASING_SENDER_ID_FB
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_ID_FB
```
- Required addidtional local variables:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_USER_ID_FB - the *usedId* account (get from guest collection after login on admin panel (*Login Button to Admin Panel* step))
NEXT_PUBLIC_PASSWORD_DOC - name of document which you created
```

## Guest Page
Home page ( / ) is a register page, here guests have the opportunity to register themselves.

## Login Button to Admin Panel
Click on right star three times to render secret login button to log into admin panel. Enter the secret password which you added manually to Firestore Database (*adminpass*). Them login by Google account to admin page.

## Admin Page
Admin Page ( /dashboard ) is a admin page. Here you can manage guests.
- Buttons:
1. **Add guest** -> add guest directly to *List of guests* section.
2. **List of guests** -> full guests list with guests added from *Add guest* and accepted from *Lobby*.
3. **Lobby** -> full registered guests list which have ```pending``` status.

### Statuses:
- **Active** Active guest
- **Inactive** Inactive guest
- **Pending** Pending guest

Change status:
- Press on ```Pending``` to change on ```Accepted``` status. Target guest will added to **List of guests** section.
- Press on ```Inactive``` to change on ```Active``` status.

Enjoy!
